Ah, three days later.
France Longman Dingguo
You all have to die
Hahaha
I drew the god of war calling Kyushu here
You are just a small country full of drinks
I also want to level China
Behind the Gate of Kyushu
It's the day you disappear
No matter what crooked ways you have
You have a sword to cut gold here
All evil and evil
Old man, see Lord God of War, peanuts don't need to be polite
I came here this time for Xishan Tu
Now I have gathered together the western medicine royal family
Get the Xishan Map again
The treasure is complete
Ding'an Huaguo Utensils
Lord War God is dedicated to designing for my country
Protect me from cross-border mountains and rivers
This Xishan map must be given to Lord War God
Now the three treasures have been collected
My lord can finally return to the Dragon Shadow position
Wait for me to return to the dragon shadow position
Guimian Xiying
Dragon Shadow welcomes the return of the God of War
Welcome back Lord War God
Welcome back the god of war
Make an appointment for Mrs. Wang to pick it up and reunite with me.
It's their eldest son
Their eldest son is ready, I'll take care of it
Don't block Si Jingchen
I want to ask your wife to bring your new aunt Royal Castle
Come wash your feet outside the city